Character 1: Father - Played by Bindu Pagad

Father is an elderly workaholic obsessed with education. He wants his children to take action. In the movie, he clashes with his lazy son about life choices.

Character 2: The Lazy Son - Played by Daniil Serpukhov

The lazy son does not like to do much. His ideal life is sitting on the couch and watching movies. He always dreams of someone he can make do all his chores. Due to the differences in their views on life, he argues with his father quite a lot.

Character 3: Robot - Played by Akshit Hasmukh Kumar Jain

Robot is an AI powered entity that is good in computational tasks, but not much else. The lazy son finds it broken down on the streets of Boston. He proceeds to fix it and teaches it perform various human tasks.

Character 4: Second Son - Played by Sourabh Kumar

The second son is adopted by the father after he kicks out his lazy son. The second son is a complete opposite of the lazy one, since he does well in college. The father praises him and forgets about his actual son.

Story Overview:

In the bustling city of Boston, the elderly workaholic father, staunchly believing in the value of education and hard work, is constantly disappointed with his lazy son. The son's life revolves around the couch and the next best movie, with the remnants of his sloth-like existence - empty chip packages, soda cans, and random clutter - scattered all around him.

Tensions between the two reach a boiling point when they clash over a particular chore. Unable to bear his son's lifestyle any longer, the father evicts him from their home. Angry and desolate, the lazy son aimlessly roams the streets until he stumbles upon a broken-down robot.

Seeing an opportunity, the lazy son repairs the robot. At first, the robot is barely more than a high-powered calculator, with little skill or finesse in handling everyday tasks. However, over time, and with patient teaching from the son, the robot learns to cook, clean, and even hold a basic conversation. The bond between them grows stronger.

The robot will eventually learn the values of family, love, and forgiveness. The details and rest of the story will remain hidden until the release of the movie!